This video will cover the solution for your first challenge.
Task one was to create a new project with the following attributes.
So we'll do just that.
I will open up the command palette with command shift.
P If you're using Windows Press Control Shift P, I will create a Maven project.
The stable version as of this recording is 2.7.0.
The language will be Java.
The group ID is going to be called Come Learn the part.
The artifact ID, I believe, was set to be painting.
The packaging type will be the familiar jar for the Java version.
Choose one that matches the one you have installed.
I'm using Java 11.
And the dependencies we're going to use in this project are Spring Boot Web as well as spraying boot
def tools.
I will select the following dependencies and I will generate this project inside of my desktop.
Then open it.
All right.
Let's go over to task number two.
Which we've already done, it seems.
Task number three Inside of your Spring Boot Resources.
Inside the starter folder, there are two paintings that we need to drag into our current project.
So I'll go to my spring boot resources into the Spring Boot Challenge starter.
I will copy the following.
What I'll do is I'll go inside of resources, create an images folder inside of static.
Then I will reveal in Finder if you're using windows.
I believe it's called the file explorer.
Anyways, reveal it and finder.
Okay.
Then I will drag these images from the starter to my images folder.
There you have it.
Task number four was using the HTML cheat sheet to create a header element to images and give each painting
a width of 200.
So I'll go to my cheat sheet and you can create headers using the elements.
h12.
H six.
We'll go back.
You know what?
Let's put this on a different tab.
We'll go back and create a header.
Well, first thing we're got to do is create an index of HTML file and put in the boilerplate HTML that's
used to create a template, remove all of this junk.
We're not going to be writing any scripts.
The only thing I'll keep here is the title of the document, which I'm going to call what should we
call it?
A painting.
And now, here, create a header.
Now it says Da Vinci artwork, two image elements, one that displays the Mona Lisa, one that displays
the Salvator mundi.
To create an image element, you can use the following tag that displays an image.
It requires a source that specifies the path to that image, and the path starts from the static folder.
And you can also provide an alternative text description if the image doesn't show.
So I'll copy this element right onto my HTML body.
The source.
Who's path is going to start at static?
We'll say slash images.
Slash Mona Lisa.
And in case the image doesn't show, we will provide an alternative text description of Mona Lisa.
Okay.
We need to create another image.
Same path, but the image is called Salvator Mundi.
And the alternative description will be salvator mundi.
And then give each painting a width of 200.
We'll say width is equal to 200.
Okay.
Spin up a new terminal.
Local host, 80, 80.
And we're looking good so far.
Task five is using the cheat sheet place, each painting in a block level container.
A block level container is one that takes up the entire width of the document.
And here you can see that div is a block level container that groups HTML elements.
So we're going to wrap each image inside of a div.
It is just a container that takes up the entire width.
Okay.
Refresh.
Looking good.
Task six using the HTML cheat sheet display the following text under each image.
If you want to display text, you would need to use a paragraph element and conveniently paragraph elements
are blocked level, which means that they're going to take up the whole width, which is exactly what
we need for this task.
So back here we'll say.
Well, create a paragraph tag.
Here, I'll paste the following text.
Then create another paragraph tag.
Displaying this text.
Refresh.
Great.
Task number seven is using the cheat sheet, placed the text inside of an inline element.
One such element is the spin.
The spin is an inline container that wraps around what's inside of it.
So here we can display the text inside of a spin.
And Spen does not take up the entire width.
It wraps around the content inside of it.
All right.
That is all for this challenge.
Now, the focus of this course will be setting up the back end.
We don't really care about setting up HTML because that falls within the realm of a front end developer.
But it does help to be just a little bit familiar with HTML because we're going to be working our way
around it.
So I hope this challenge was a good opportunity for you to get familiar with the cheat sheets.
All right.
I will see you in the next section.
Model view controller.